TI-RADS Classification 1 categories: The size and shape of the thyroid gland were reasonable, the echo was not uniform, and no echo nodules were found in bilateral lobes, the size of which was about 10mm*5mm (lower extremity of the left lobe), 4mm*3mm*5mm (middle lobe of the right lobe, elastic imaging score was 2 points), the boundary was clear, and the CDFI blood flow signal was not obvious. Therefore, I believed that the probability of the classification of this nodules was as 1 category of TI-RADS classification. The size and shape of the thyroid gland were reasonable, the diffuse echo was not uniform, and several echoless nodules were found in both lobes, the larger one was about 3mm*2mm (lower pole of the left lobe, elastic imaging score 2 points) and 3mm (lower pole of the right lobe), the boundary was clear, and the CDFI blood flow signal was not obvious. No abnormal enlarged lymph node echo was observed on both sides of the neck. Several hypoechoic nodules were found on the left clavicle. The larger one was about 9mm*3mm in size, with clear boundaries and no obvious CDFI blood flow signal. Therefore, I believe that the classification of the nodules was TI-RADS category 1. The size and shape of the thyroid gland were reasonable, the echo was not uniform, and several echoless nodules were found in bilateral lobes, the larger one was about 6mm*4mm*5mm (the middle and upper part of the right lobe, the elastic imaging score was 3 points), 4mm*2mm (the middle of the left lobe), the boundary was clear, the sound was clear, and the CDFI blood flow signal was not significantly abnormal. Therefore, I believe that the classification probability of this nodule is class 1 in the TI-RADS classification. The size and shape of the thyroid gland were reasonable, the echo was not uniform, and several low echoless nodules were found in bilateral lobes, the larger ones were about 6mm (lower pole of the left lobe) and 2mm (lower pole of the right lobe), with clear boundaries, elastic imaging score of 2, and no obvious abnormalities in CDFI blood flow signals. Therefore, I believed that the probability of the classification of this nodules was as high as category 1 of TI-RADS classification. The left lobe and isthmus of the thyroid gland were resected, and there was no obvious abnormal mass echo in the resected area. The size and shape of the right lobe were reasonable, the internal echo was not uniform, and several echoless nodules were found in the right lobe, the larger one was about 5mm*3mm (upper pole, elastic imaging score 2 points), the boundary was clear, and no obvious blood flow signal was found in CDFI. Therefore, I believed that the probability of classifying the nodules was class 1 in the TI-RADS classification. The size and shape of the thyroid gland were reasonable, the echo was uniform, several echoless nodules were found in both lobes of the thyroid gland, the size of the larger one was about 3mm*2mm (lower pole of the right lobe), 3mm*2mm (lower pole of the left lobe), the boundary was clear, strong echo was seen in the wall attachment, the elastic imaging score was 2, and the CDFI blood flow signal was not significantly abnormal. Therefore, I believe that the classification probability of this nodule is class 1 in the TI-RADS classification.


TI-RADS Classification 2 categories: the size and shape of the thyroid gland were reasonable, the echo distribution was not uniform, several echoless nodules were found in the right lobe, the size of the larger one was 6mm*5mm*4mm (in the middle and upper part, strong echo spot was found inside, and the elastic imaging score was 3 points), the boundary was clear, and the blood flow signal indicated by CDFI was not obvious. There was no abnormal mass echo in the left lobe, so I think the highest probability of grading this nodule is TI-RADS classification type 2. The size and shape of the thyroid gland were reasonable, the echo was not uniform, and there was an echoless nodule in the middle of the right lobe, the size was about 4mm*4mm, the boundary was clear, there was a strong echo spot inside, and no obvious blood flow signal was found in CDFI. There was no obvious abnormal mass echo in the left lobe, so I think the highest probability of grading this nodule is TI-RADS classification type 2. The size and shape of the thyroid gland were reasonable, the echo was not uniform, and the echoless nodule was found in the middle and lower part of the left lobe, the size was about 3mm*2mm, the boundary was clear, the elastic imaging score was 3, and the CDFI blood flow signal was not significantly abnormal. There was no abnormal mass echo in the right lobe, so I think the highest probability of grading this nodule is TI-RADS classification type 2. After the operation of the right lobe of thyroid gland, there was no obvious abnormal mass echo in the resected area. The size and shape of the left lobe were normal, the envelope was smooth, clear and complete, and the glandular echo was not uniform. Several echoless nodules were found in the left lobe, the larger one was about 7mm*4mm*7mm (lower end, elastic imaging score was 2), the boundary was clear, and the CDFI blood flow signal was not obvious. Therefore, I believed that the classification probability of the nodules was as follows: TI-RADS classification 2. The size and shape of the thyroid gland were reasonable, the echo was not uniform, and there was a low echoless nodule in the middle and lower part of the left lobe with a diameter of about 2mm and clear boundaries. The CDFI blood flow signal was not obvious, and the elastic imaging score was 2 points. There was no abnormal mass echo in the right lobe, so I think the highest probability of grading this nodule is TI-RADS classification type 2. The size and shape of the thyroid gland were reasonable, the echo thickened and the distribution was uneven, and no abnormal mass echo was found in the right lobe. Low echoless nodule was found in the middle and lower part of the left lobe, with a size of about 3mm*2mm*2mm, clear boundary, elastic imaging score of 2, and no obvious abnormality in CDF1 blood flow signal. Therefore, I believe that the probability of classifying this nodule is TI-RADS classification 2.


TI-RADS Classification 3 categories: The size and shape of the thyroid gland were reasonable, the echo was not uniform, several nodules were found in bilateral lobes with different echoes, the larger one was about 9mm*6mm*6mm (lower pole of the left lobe, cyst solid, elastic imaging score 3), 10mm*5mm (middle and lower part of the right lobe, low echo), the boundary was clear, and the CDFI blood flow signal was not obvious. Therefore, I believe that the classification probability of this nodule is classified into 3 categories by TI-RADS. The size and shape of the thyroid gland are reasonable, the echo is not uniform, and the hypoechoic nodules are extremely seen in the left lobe, the size is about 3mm*2mm*3mm, the boundary is clear, the elastic imaging score is 3, and the CDFI blood flow signal is not obvious. Therefore, I believe that the classification probability of this nodules is 3 categories classified by TI-RADS. The size and shape of the thyroid were normal, the envelope was smooth, clear and complete, and the glandular substantive echo was fine and less uniform. Multiple hypoechoic nodules could be seen in bilateral thyroid lobes, the larger one was about 16mm*7mm*12mm (right middle dorsal lobe, solid, strong echo spot was seen inside, elastic imaging score was 3), 9mm*18mm*10mm (left upper pole, left lobe), and the larger one was about 16mm*7mm*12mm. Cystic), the shape is oval, the boundary is clear, the edge is smooth, the aspect ratio is less than 1, the periphery of the nodule is silent halo, CDFI: the blood flow signal within the nodule is not significantly abnormal, so I think the maximum probability of grading this nodule is classified as 3 categories by TI-RADS. The size and shape of the thyroid gland were reasonable, the echo was uniform, and several hypoechoic nodules were found in bilateral lobes. The larger ones were about 6mm*5mm (right middle lobe), 12mm*8mm*9mm (left middle lobe, elastic imaging score was 3), with clear boundaries and no obvious blood flow signal indicated by CDFI. Therefore, I believe that the classification probability of the nodules was of 3 categories classified by TI-RADS.


TI-RADS Classification 4 categories: The thyroid volume increased, mainly in the left lobe, with uneven glandular echo and several nodules in both lobes. The larger one was about 14mm*11mm*11mm (lower pole of the left lobe, low echo, irregular shape, poorly defined boundary, elastic imaging score 3-4 points, surrounding blood flow), 8mm*5mm (middle and upper part of the right lobe, low echo, clear boundary). On the other left lobe, extremely strong echo was observed, about 3mm*2mm, so I believe that the highest probability of grading this nodule was classified as category 4 by TI-RADS. The size and shape of the thyroid gland were reasonable, the echo was not uniform, and several hypoechoic nodules were found in both lobes, the larger one was about 7.0mm*4.5mm*5.5mm (left middle lobe dorsal, slightly rough margin, elastic imaging score 3), 7mm*6mm*14mm (left middle lobe, solid sac, clear border), 12mm*5mm (right middle lobe, clear border). Clear boundary), 1.8mm*2.3mm*1.8mm (lower pole of right lobe, poorly defined boundary, irregular shape, slightly standing), CDFI showed no obvious blood flow signal, so I think the maximum probability of classification of this nodule is TI-RADS classification 4 categories. The size and shape of the thyroid gland were reasonable, the echo was not uniform, solid hypoechoic nodules were seen in the middle of the right lobe, the size was about 15mm*8mm*9mm, the boundary was clear, and the internal echo seemed to be strong, CDFI showed a grade 2 blood flow signal, and the elastic imaging score was 4. There was no abnormal mass echo in the left lobe, so I think the highest probability of grading this nodule is TI-RADS classification category 4. The size and shape of the thyroid were normal, the envelope was smooth, clear and complete, and the parenchymal echo of the gland was uneven. There were two hypoechoic nodules in the middle and lower part of the right lobe, the size of which was about 6.4mm*3.3mm*3.9mm (the boundary was not clear, the strong light seemed to be seen inside, the elastic imaging score was 3 points), 5.6mm*2.4mm*3.4mm (the boundary was not clear), CDFI: There was no obvious abnormal blood flow signal, so I believe that the highest probability of grading this nodule is classified as 4 categories by TI-RADS. No abnormal mass echo was observed in the left lobe. The size and shape of the thyroid gland were reasonable, the echo was not uniform, the left lobe showed a low echoless nodule, the larger size was about 4mm*2mm (lower pole, elastic imaging score was 3), the boundary was clear, and the CDFI blood flow signal was not obvious. A hypoechoic nodule was found in the middle of the right lobe, with a size of about 1.9mm*2.3mm*1.5mm, clear boundaries, slightly upright growth, no obvious CDFI blood flow signal, and a score of 3 on elastic imaging. Therefore, I believe that the highest probability of grading this nodule is classified into 4 categories by TI-RADS. The size and shape of the thyroid gland were reasonable, the echo was not uniform, and the hypoechoic nodules were found in the right lobe, the size of which was about 4mm*2mm (upper pole, clear boundary), 2.5mm*4.6mm*1.7mm (dorsal middle and lower pole, aspect ratio imbalance, unclear boundary, and elastic imaging score was 2 points). Hypoechoic nodules with a size of about 2mm*2mm were found near the isthmus of the left lobe, with clear boundaries and no obvious abnormalities in CDFI blood flow signals. Therefore, I believe that the highest probability of grading this nodules is classified into 4 categories by TI-RADS.


TI-RADS Classification 5 categories: the size and shape of the thyroid gland were reasonable, the echo was uneven, several hypoechoic nodules were found in the right lobe, the larger size was about 2.9mm*4.3mm*3.2mm (the middle part, the edge was unclear, the aspect ratio was unbalanced, the internal strong echo spot was found, and the elastic imaging score was 3 points), and the CDFI blood flow signal was not obvious. There was no obvious abnormal mass echo in the left lobe, so I believe that the highest probability of grading this nodule is category 5 in the TI-RADS classification. The size and shape of the thyroid gland were reasonable, the echo was not uniform, and the hypoechoic nodules were extremely seen in the left lobe, the size was about 4.4mm*4.8mm*3.1mm, the boundary was not clear, the edge was rough, the aspect ratio was unbalanced, and the internal echo was uneven. The CDF1 blood signal was level 1, and the elastic imaging score was 3. No abnormal mass echo was observed in the right lobe, and no obvious abnormality was observed in CDFI blood flow signal. Therefore, I believe that the classification probability of this nodule is 5 categories classified by TI-RADS. The size and shape of the thyroid gland were normal, the envelope was smooth, clear and complete, and the parenchymal echo of the gland was fine and uniform. The hypoechoic nodules were found in the middle and upper part of the right lobe of the thyroid gland, the size was about 27mm*16mm*18mm, the boundary was clear, the shape was irregular, the internal echo was uneven, and the elastic imaging score was 4 points. Therefore, I thought that the probability of grading of the nodules was 5 categories classified by TI-RADS. The size and shape of the thyroid gland were reasonable, the echo was not uniform, and the hypoechoic nodule was found in the middle and upper part of the right lobe, the size was about 5.8mm*6.4mm*7.3mm, the boundary was unclear, the edge was not smooth, and it was standing, the elastic imaging score was 3, and the CDFI blood flow signal was not obvious. Several hypoechoic nodules were found in the left lobe, with the larger size of about 3mm*2mm (in the middle) and clear boundaries. Therefore, I believe that the classification probability of this nodules is of 5 categories classified by TI-RADS. The size and shape of the thyroid gland were reasonable, and the echo was not uniform. The hypoechoic nodules were found near the front of the right central lobe of the thyroid gland, the size was about 5.1mm*4.1mm*3.4mm, the boundary was unclear, and they were standing, protruding from the anterior envelope, and the continuity of part of the envelope was incomplete. The elastic imaging score was 4, and no obvious abnormal mass echo was found in the left lobe. There were no obvious abnormalities in CDFI blood flow signals, so I believe that the highest probability of grading this nodule is classified as 5 categories by TI-RADS.



TI-RADS Classification 5 categories: The size and shape of the thyroid gland was reasonable, the glandular echo was not uniform, and a low echo nodule was found in the middle of the right lobe, with a size of about 7mm*5mm*7mm, the boundary was not clear, strong echo spot was seen inside, and CDF1 blood flow signal was slightly rich. Therefore, I thought that the classification probability of this nodule was of 6 categories classified by TI-RADS. The size and shape of the thyroid gland were reasonable, the echo was not uniform, and the hypoechoic nodules were very visible under the left lobe, the size was about 3mm*6mm*4mm, the shape was irregular and upright, the CDFI blood flow signal was level 2, and the elastic imaging score was 4. Hypoechoic nodules were found in the middle of the right lobe of the thyroid, with a size of about 7mm*4mm and clear boundaries. Therefore, I believe that the highest probability of grading this nodules was classified into 6 categories by TI-RADS. The size and shape of the thyroid gland were reasonable, the echoes were not uniform, several nodules were found in the right lobe, the echoes were different, the larger ones were about 11mm*7mm*10mm, the boundaries were not clear, the shape was not regular, some of the spots were visible, the elastic imaging score was 2, and the CDFI blood flow signal was not significantly abnormal. There was no obvious abnormal mass echo in the left lobe, so I believe that the highest probability of grading this nodule is TI-RADS classification category 6. Thyroid size and shape are normal, the envelope is smooth, clear and complete, the glandular parenchymal echo is not uniform, several nodules can be seen in the right lobe, the larger size is about 7.9mm*5.6mm (near isthmus, low echo, slightly unclear boundary), 6.6mm*6.3mm (dorsal middle and lower pole, uneven echo, clear boundary), 3mm*2.4mm (dorsal middle and lower pole, uneven echo, clear boundary), and 3mm*2.4mm (dorsal middle and lower pole, clear boundary). No echo, clear boundary), 3.9mm*2.1mm (middle and upper pole dorsal side, mixed echo, clear boundary), CDFI blood flow signal was not obvious, no obvious abnormal mass echo was found in the left lobe, so I believe that the maximum probability of classification of this nodule is 6 categories classified by TI-RADS. The size and shape of the thyroid gland were normal, the envelope was slightly less smooth, and the parenchymal echo of the gland was uneven, showing a diffuse grid structure. Hypoechoic nodules were found in bilateral lobes, with sizes of about 15mm*12mm (right lobe near isthmus, strong light inside, elastic imaging score 4) and 5mm*4mm (left lobe near trachea), with slightly unclear boundaries and normal blood flow signals indicated by color Doppler. Therefore, I believe that the maximum probability of grading of this nodule is classified into 6 categories by TI-RADS.
